search tag: website development, wordpress website,
Gig Tag: wordpress, wordpress developer, wordpress blog, wordpress design, business website

title: i will design develop and Customize your WordPress website.


Basic: 
Basic: 5$;

1 page of responsive wordpress design and development + content upload.
4 Days delivery unlimited revisions
1 page
Design Customization
content upload
Responsive Design
4 plugins?extensions
------------------------
Standard:
Standard: 25$
Responsive design for up to 5 pages + social links + blog + speed and SEO optimized Wordpress Design

10 Days delivery unlimited revisions

5 pages
Design Customization
content Upload
responsive design
7 plugins/Extensions
E-Commerce Functionality
10 product
-----------------------
Premium:
Premium: 50$
14 days Delivery unlimited Revisions
Premium Theme Installation with E-Commerce + up 10 pages + SEO and Speed Optimized WordPress
14 Days Delivery  unlimited revisions

10 pages
Design Customization.
Content Upload
Responsive Design
10 Plugins/Extensions
E-Commerce functionality
20 Products


     FAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQFAQ

What do you need from me to Start the Website design and development process?

Ans:I need Some Examples of the work specifically your inspirational wibsite, Your Logo file,Login to your Cpanel Or Your Wordpress Page Builder free or pro version depending ou your website what it demands Name of the pages.

I don't have hosting and Domain. would you Provide with this package?

Ans: No, If you don't have any domain and hostion, then i can help you to buy them from hosinger.if you don't want to buy then i can give you free domain and hosting for startup.

Does Your Package Include Both the design and development service?

Ans: Yes, You don't need to hire a designer to design. I will do Both the Design and development.


               About This Gig About This Gig About This Gig About This Gig About


Looking for a WordPress expert to make done all of your work to make live your a WordPress site?

Then this is the best gig for you. I am doing WordPress Website Designing and Developing for 2 years and have 100+ happy clients around the world. I will help you from start to finish. Buying my gig You will get modern User-friendly Responsive websites
What I will Provide you:

Fully Responsive Design
Mobile, Tablet, and Desktop Friendly
Premium theme or free theme installation.
RESPONSIVE Contact Form
Unlimited revisions till 100% satisfaction
Security and Speed Optimized
Social media integration.
Content upload.
2 weeks of free support.
Clean, Elegant & Responsive WordPress Website
                                
Full working Process
Here are the steps to complete your Basic package project:

1
Requirements
I will make sure You have everything like Logo, Domain, hosting, Content, images etc that I need to complete your project successfully.


2
Design concept   
I'll show you a concept for the main page of your website Or You will provide me a premium theme or I will find you a free theme that suits your business.

3
Development
I'll develop a fully responsive website for you, Here I'll also upload your content (ex. text, images, videos, and more) to your website if necessary.

4
Optimisation
I'll optimise your website for SEO and performance.


This step includes:
Your Feedback      
5
Delivery
You'll review the final delivery and see if you need changes.

If you are looking for a professional WordPress website, you don't have to worry I am working in the field for 3 years. If you have any idea in your mind DM me I will bring life to your idea.
Please Discuss your project first before placing order




